Add possibility to add favicon (#4)
gevhaz/hugo-theme-notrack: README.md

[params]
  author = "Hugo de Groot"
  siteHeading = "Hugo Grotius" # defaults to author

>   # favicon = "favicon-gnu.png" # add favorite/URL/tab/shortcut icon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # favicon = "favicon-gnu.png" # Adds a small icon next to the page title in a tab
```

I guess your explanation is a more encompassing, but I'd like it a bit more descriptive for those who don't know what a favicon is. This should also be changed in the config.toml in that case.
